more than happy good morning so I've got
a little fluffball mzf what Mason's
trainers on if you went through just
quiet to like this so I'm gonna beat you
to playtime yeah hi guys and welcome
back to another video I hope you're
doing really really good and having a
lovely week today's video is going to be
a full day of eating on a lean ball I
[Music]
haven't done one of these in a couple of
weeks or something so not too long but I
know you guys quite like these kind of
videos so I thought I would do another
one and also just like kind of spend the
day with me that kind of thing today is
quite chilled day and I'm just doing
some work and this morning I just had
some stuff to sort out because I had
some issues with my PayPal and so just
has to phone that this morning which did
take longer than expected but I do
always find anything like that were you
wanting to speak to them and sort stuff
out go through stuff go through accounts
and whatnot and does always tend to take
a bit of time which is fine it needed do
it and I'm just so glad I've got it
sorted but yet with the launch of money
book and everything I've just like
learnt so much in such a short space of
time right now I'm going to get my nails
done which I don't actually like nothing
like I've got such a love-hate
relationship with getting my nails done
because I just find sometimes it takes
like hours like it literally took an
hour and a half and I did only get these
done like not even two weeks ago but
they're infinitely just haven't lasted
but like look at the state of them I
can't walk around like the most annoying
thing of the analysis right it's not
something out for me I can never put it
off like I've just got to go get them
sorted because they just look disgusting
one I've got like one on one off I'm
just outside the post office now I'm
gonna go post some stuff then I'm gonna
go straight to the gym I would have
usually gone this morning but like I
just had some stuff to get a sausage I
am on a level at the moment for those of
you who don't know what that is
it's just where I'm in a slight calorie
surplus I'm eating slightly more
calories than my maintenance with the
aim of gaining a little bit of muscle
mass I'm not doing like a full book just
as I don't want to gain like absolutely
loads of most large I'm quite happy as I
am I was enough a maintenance diet
before this and see it I just thought
I'd try and gain a bit of muscle I'll
talk some more about my diet and I quote
my calories and blow are further on yeah
I'm gonna get in the post office
[Music]
shredder cappuccino and also having a
ready break I'm gonna have some my
protein I made course syrup which is
free and so nice I only cut that with my
oats so I'm just taking my daily in
these have to feel a bit of water so
I've gone full I can pack a ready dark
color I usually always get new so this
is something really different for me I
don't know how to feel like just yet but
and also I was taking a bit shorter but
this is I will get them done at once
more before Christmas hopefully these
ones will last a bit better I really
need for this plant stuff to put in and
some decorations around that I've just
got finished in the gym didn't get too
sweaty Aldi it looks like I actually
live in a field like this I don't
understand where this
these decks are in 4/4 are complete I've
just got home
and that little Penelope are cute
Penelope good yeah good yeah she's like
her breakfast it shouldn't be this more
I don't know why oops
sit but yeah it's grown so much like
when we first got her she couldn't even
reach this thing and now these big legs
getting quite a lot of stuff from Aldi
you're gonna make this bright top so
blokes just been outside but Tiffany was
there to be honest like she's um she's
quite fussy so we're sort of
experimenting but try not to experiment
too much because she's a little baby so
don't want to set her stomach off but
what I got was oh I got this
lighter mature grated cheese I always
just get the one that's like the
lightest they have I do something I
quite like the lack tofu cheese but they
don't have it in our D then I've got
some more like 2/3 semi skimmed milk and
then over here I got some sweet corn and
I absolutely love adding that it's like
to tuna there's just I love adding that
to most meals I haven't had it in a
while as well and I thought I'd try the
chicken to pilatus then I got some 5%
lean beef mince and I always get a 5%
one and some also some twelve skinny
beef meatballs could make like a a nice
little pasta dish with the meatball and
that and then I've got a valise and go
and they're just so nice quick and easy
just banging them in for an hour
fortified and their only food found 85
so that is all them oh I also got some
tuna chunks I wasn't sure if we already
had some in that I
sweet corn and the pastor and then over
the bed I've got some Brussels sprout
some celery and I'm gonna make like a
chili for my lunch and then I've got
some strawberries and blueberry and then
I also got some whole grain brown rice
and then over here I've got some chunky
chopped tomatoes I've got two tons of
those and two tins of red kidney beans
these are really good source of protein
and good to add to like a lean beef myth
I picked up a minke like a cleaning
scrubber pad and I also saw this really
cute when it focuses spiced orange
candle I really liked the look of it and
everything it smells really good so yeah
that's my Aldi shop god I thought
through so that now is a lien and
salaries
[Music]
just put like garlic celery onion and a
bit of oil and then I put a little bit
of seasoning wait for that to cook a bit
and then add the beef with lastly the
tomato chopped tomatoes and the beans
and then like the sweet corn as well we
can just add whatever you fancy like if
you like peppers you can just kind of
throw it into it it's really quick and
easy so here we have it this is what I'm
gonna have for my lunch I'm so so hungry
right now
[Music]
this little puppy she's always got to be
close to me she's literally sat on my
feet
19 ever top of the Tamron she does all
this crazy stuff don't you
I always mix let's have a look we have a
bit of coconut milk it is 20 past 3:00
today it's gone so quick and it feels so
Lakes it's super dark today I'll show
you hope the window in second I've put
on night a little fairy likes I just
need to agree to brighten things up and
I've just got a little snack which is a
mixture of strawberries chopped up
banana and some berries this light will
go through at the moment I just really
like it it's super satisfying and then
I've got a cappuccino with some
chocolate sprinkles on so I've just got
a set down on my laptop and I just
thought I would have a little chat so
December it's such a funny kind of month
because I hope think everyone just feels
a little bit lazier and you've got that
excuse like oh it's basically Christmas
and and last week I had one of those
just you know has just been my really
unmotivated week which is that solutely
normal that we all we're not going to be
a hundred percent motivated and in terms
of like a routine I think we can all get
bored of a routine but when it comes to
fitness I know 100% when I am getting my
gym sessions in I'm feeling good within
my body it sort of all transfers to my
mind like to my work life to just every
aspect it's basically and I'm definitely
like my most happiest and sort of
balanced self when I'm training in the
gym I'm feeling good you know that kind
of thing so last week for example I had
a few days like a few unplanned days off
and I ate a load of
crap rich it's also fine you know I
don't like to pry then or restricting
myself from any food what I've mentioned
I'm here in case any NASA is going
through something similar or feeling
just a bit like Matt I'm thinking oh
I'll just wait until January and then
start fresh then I think that's the
worst mindset to have it in a lot of
ways just because a fitness shouldn't be
a season and it's more like it should be
part of your lifestyle and I promise you
you will never regret that workout that
you're dreading to get to because it's
dark and miserable outside if you are
sort of feeling that way just set some
new goals like mix up your routine say
if you always go to the gym in a morning
maybe try going in and even in or like
go swimming just mix things up
completely like so it is now at
dinnertime how much he eats and that
much today so I'm going to make like a
tuna pasta with some sweet corn and some
cheese and I'm also going to use this a
lighter than light mayonnaise this is
from Aldi and it's so good really low
calorie from a neighbor and it tastes
very good so check that I haven't
obviously nine hours before this is just
such a quick meal like it's quite late
now it's got half of its name half 7lu
for Avery just literally from castor the
mayor I just mentioned lights and light
laughs it looked like the mature grated
cheddar syndrome in brine and that's it
[Music]
so here is my finished or pesto so quick
just easy to throw together and have one
of these conveyed coat rather than eggs
or even think I am going to wrap this
video up here is going to be plenty more
like this to comb I am about to get a
really hot shower wash my hair and I
need to screw up on my tan and like
reapply it I think I've been putting off
for a couple of days now so yeah I need
to get that done and so yeah if you
haven't already don't forget to hit this
video with a big thumbs up and subscribe
to my channel and we'll see you guys in
the next video